[Music]
Very good my dearest lovers of the
heart how are you I hope you're
enjoying this Friday already and
many of you are getting ready for
tonight's gossip tonight we have
the new bombshell let's see if
they're bombshell or not so bombshell Julian Muñoz
against Isabel Pantoja because that's what it's
going to be she's not going to apologize for
the garbage bags or anything like that
but anyway we're not going to
watch because we're gossips and
we like to see it you'll enjoy tomorrow you
're here daily newspapers that's what we
want attention because Beatriz
Cortazar
spoke this morning on
Federico's program my dear father Federico
Jiménez Losantos okay and she
spoke out telling secrets from the
hallways of Telecinco
giving us a possible estimate and
quite accurate I think okay of what
could have been the start date
of the relationship between Marta Riesgo and Antonio
Flores okay let's listen to it together
that doesn't mean that all those times we're
only going to one thing before
surviving the marriage thing because
the activity would be that  ankara david
of course because she is a
single girl no but we do not enter into the
question of infidelity because it
happened the bus I go to the car and the
car when it starts moving when
the car is bought in motion gives me marta
for a long time the rest they tell
between 5 because she is a very
extroverted girl and this says everyone is going to
tell it now beatriz says
everyone has
not been discreet at all marta
risks or rather then and dominating the
absolutely villains l lies and so on
but what comes to being discreet
discreet well the truth is that no that
the girl was born
sometimes I imagine with the years she was more
introverted I am one of those who in the
corridors telling the most about being cool or rather
as sabina says she always had a
very long tongue and a very short skirt and
indeed well that also coincides it
coincided that she would also be a good leg
yes then what happens to her that
for a long time but to me and there are
many colleagues already the one who puts on makeup
and the one who does
not do as much as I like how it
turns me on well because she bought me to go out that she
always said it always does not say it
Imagine, isn't it that you have a
crash as the kids call it, not
now, not a platonic love or a person
that you really like but it's a love like
impossible, not an impossible thing, not a sexual
attraction, not attention and not
an unresolved sexual tension, no and if
suddenly it happens
like a teenager not saying this
type of comment and then suddenly
saying it, of course, people get
angry and realize, not
exactly those who realize at the
moment, they don't realize that they're not
saying anything but they look
back now they say friend friend, that's why they
stopped saying it, the
subject is no longer talked about
and I can assure you that it's not as much as they
say but if we're going to place ourselves in
survivors, I would place myself there
too, yes, the truth is for several reasons
and from May I wouldn't say that it's
like many people are saying, not before,
before the documentary last year,
well in 2019 when they released this
video of the nightclub, what I
imagine is that maybe when they have
seen each other on some occasions at some
parties or whatever, well, they have
crossed paths, there has been a look  there has
been a smile a wink a few I do
n't know if it was flirting but the best a
complicity you know but no not reaching the point of
consuming anything okay and when the
marriage was broken because
surely being broken all year
but with all this documentary thing well it
prolongs a little more what the family
for the support no because of that it is not the
time to leave it it is not the time right
now to separate ideas not only
no because surely what is marriage
would have been broken before it would already have taken at
times surely well right now it is
surely a year or more okay
but from the night to the morning of
marriage 25 years well it
can surely lead to its brutal it was a while
longer we are going to be sure such then what is
love is already there had paid okay there are
many people maybe they say there but it's that
the beautiful ones that she is fat and it is
totally true I have said it amount
of bs Olgas very beautiful not only is she very
beautiful because the physique is not
everything it is that she is a great woman as a
person it is that how she has behaved with
those children it is that how she has behaved with
Antonia I saw how she stands up for him how she
has  since she is at the head of her
family she is not going to receive to pay she is not
very good at least the little that I
know I am not and what is seen
in the media
is not that the physical not all neither the
physical nor the person that many times you
can be with the best person in the
world but love simply goes out it
ends it is finished and we are no longer
in the times of our great-grandparents
that you because there was still little
with someone with 15 years and you
had seven children you had to endure
life with the life couple and well if
love has gone out it has gone out and if
suddenly it itches with marten well it itches
with marten okay what the only thing that you
cannot cheat on knows the union is going away it is
cheating playing with people is the
problem because the fact that they had
started survivors when there are
while obviously I believe that around
there would also be the date
I would not be so serious in the sense
that well come on that is when it begins they are
consolidating as they are breaking up
more the marriage okay it would
enter into infidelity but well of
this infidelity as I was talking about
live by  downplay it or rather
I am the one who is unfaithful because I
will never prove it, life is
still at eleven and poor thing what is
happening no way no way I am going to
support him in fact but no he is not the
same or rather it is the typical one it would be the type
of infidelity of these that you
connect is a relationship with another you know
you start there for a few days a few months or
a week it is not what such well what I
see as wrong would be if what
Olga's family is saying was true that
Anton had continued with Olga and
in addition not only is
Olga's family bringing it up but in addition they have been
seen in a relationship, people in the
public sphere, people who as if it was
as if they had continued being a married
couple okay and that Antonio Rossi for
example this morning has confirmed that
when he spoke with Olga in December
now he spoke about how the marriage
was being fixed that he was excited about
the thing
now Olga's family is talking about
more things with the collaborators they are not
even talking about sleeping together in
the same bed that Torres and the
others continue  sabers that would be the problem and that
would be the retaliation against Antonio David,
okay, it was an infidelity, no, it's not that he
broke up the marriage
because he has been unfaithful, broad or not,
an infidelity within that they are
breaking up the marriage and he is already
rebuilding his life while he is getting a
divorce
and in that clear that he is going to continue with
Olga and he is going to take the leap with the other
girl, it is not the worst, you do not understand, I am
not going to say that it is not bad but
well it is not the worst it would be more or less
passed, come on, okay, each one for their own side
knows how reprehensible it would be if Olga until
today has continued believing that the
marriage was being fixed, that he
would be playing both sides, that would be
reprehensible more than anything, they, well
here they have acted as survivors, that's what I'm
telling you, maybe the safest thing, the
safest thing is that the marriage
was already broken, that love no longer existed,
that is, they were holding on a little longer
because the documentary suddenly broke out
and well, as we are going to leave
this moment in organ  in the contest and
at one point and he told us that he was with
her it's more like it reaches me through people
very close to me there is a moment when she
already makes the joke that well he is like you
can say about a
colleague he is not even in a tuxedo what a
barbarity he
has died
and it does not dent but I mean you know if
there is a moment in which these
comments at such jocular are no longer made it
is more of an apparently
professional relationship then that is during
survivor before and during and the
information that reaches me is that marta the
moment in which he really gets hooked
and then she for the ace moved
the time super hooked on him I see that
I see that
she loves it has brought him a lot she has
always put a lot no that she
loves Antonio Bill enchants and that
when she has achieved something she puts Idoia on
all sides she knows she will go all out at the neck of
whoever gets into her relationship
and I think that they are even going to crash it
are personal things of the doctor neither does it
nor does it come to us no but
I think that there is the possibility that
she even a little pressure that
then she knows I am already I want
it  know how to be you are my boyfriend that you
are mine you know what I'm telling you like I
want it to be known that I am you not
planes I'm the one who is with you you know
what this is about that I'm still here bringing up
the whole family thing their
direct things that you don't see it's me you
know but that's personal to them and we ca
n't get involved there no the
only thing we don't want is for him to have
hurt Olga or her children what we
do is that he's
done things terribly and he's doing
great and he's doing very well
winning everywhere winning the one
from the public paying the favor winning the one who's
right man who's been right [ __ ] that's
what the TV factory has done to him
the manipulations they've done
the lies the cut clicks the
biased documents the things they've
invented
we've been dismantling everything he's now
dedicating himself to YouTube he was getting back on his feet
this week so far he hasn't
uploaded a video which I well already the day I
spoke to him the one about pulling his
ear off no but you can't stop
uploading videos  never see that now
some bombshell of yours comes out or someone says something
about you or doesn't complain to her it's not the
first time that she goes to your site with your
content and with whatever she has scheduled
scheme is that this as I have already told you is
that on Tuesday night I should have been
doing it live
advancing the cover and if not on Tuesday
at most on Wednesday Wednesday
point 100,000 viewers
Antonio inhabiting the face I'm sorry
now I did it wrong the box I am human I am
wrong this happened to me too much or the
other thing he screwed up forget this not like they
are against us like that like that like that I don't
know whatever but he on his channel well he does
n't have your channel well there you have your
channel
now every time something comes out it is
possible that they will give you a escrache every time it is
this for him we load then
what happens but well family life no
life is not perfect in life it is not
a fairy tale I think that if each
person of those who are watching this
video if they knew publicly all
our movements like
your romances have been like your
comings and goings not the failures that  you have
had in life well surely we would
also have a lot to talk about but
of course it is not us it is not you
what you put on it is not the characters
that participate in this
the letters about the
information that we get along very well
2020 keep
in mind that Marta ten more things
was the one who gave the gala information in
the rose of the two posters she had
faster information more
first hand but well
family what do you think about all this
the date fits for me and
that's how it is I think it would be like that I don't think it
was a two-year infidelity like they
are saying on sálvame not at all
I think it would be calamaro if they
had ever seen each other few girls he
liked him he loves him he is
playful and he now some wink some
look some gesture whatever
but when they started flirting and such it was
in the time of survivors
when the horned one more more only the most
free and also asphalt of company
also apart from company because
going through the bad times well
justification I promise not
justification but what
if those I already tell you what I  I see it wrong now to
explain what it is what I see wrong what
I see wrong yes yes yes yes Olga until or
until the last day having a
relationship with him and him speaking for Olga
as if the marriage was still going
on is playing all band telling one one
thing to the other another pause that is
the problem okay the fact that they have
overlapped a relationship with the other look
listen it has happened to me it happens a lot okay it
is not the same as the best thing to put some well
not usually and keep quiet try to
hide it and continue with your relationship is not the
same I do not know if I am explaining myself I will
be reading you in the house of comment
okay mind that a lot your opinion
debate with respect okay I will try
at night connect to the mont for a while but I
doubt it because we have a lot of movement I
send you a huge hug and the next
news
[Music]